---
title: "Convergence IT Design 1"
excerpt: "Convergence IT Design 1 course"
date: 2023-03-02
categories:
    - CITD 1
tags:
    - RL
    - Cryptocurrency
last_modified_at: 2023-03-03
---
- Convergence IT Design 1 course

# 1. What is 'Convergence IT Design 1'?  
**Convergence IT Design**, CITD for short, is a class that freely **selects topics and conducts projects during a semester**. There are a total of CITDs 1, 2, and 3, and I am currently taking CITD 1.

You can choose **your own topic**, or choose **a topic suggested by a professor or company**. 

CITD requires **weekly reports** to be submitted to report progress. Also, there are **two mid-term seminars** and a **final presentation**. The final presentation will demonstrate the final result. Therefore, it is necessary to plan well and complete the final presentation

> CITD is a six-credit course.


# 2. What topic did I choose?  
I choose my topic suggested by a company(Superpetual).

**Superpetual** is a company that produces algorithms for **cryptocurrency transactions**. Superpetual suggested '**Establishment of Virtual Asset Order Execution System using Reinforcement Learning**'. 

I was interested in '**Reinforcement Learning**' and '**Virtual asset trading**', but I wasn't willing to do it. So I decided to through this '**Convergence IT Design 1**' course.

> It would be nice to take this opportunity to study cryptocurrency, blockchain, and reinforcement learning.


# 3. Why is the topic important?  
There are some reasons why virtual asset transaction needs Reinforcement Learning

- Unlike ordinary stocks, **virtual assets are always traded**, making it difficult for individuals to monitor and make judgments.  
- Virtual Assets, unlike previous trading assets, are **much less predictable**  
- By learning reinforcement learning agents to automate order execution, the above problems can be solved. **Individuals will only need to set the transaction item and the transaction amount**. 

> If I study cryptocurrency automatic transactions, I think it will be helpful for asset management.  


# 4. Project plan

Weekly plan of the project

- Week 2, 3 : set a specific goal and study basic concepts of cryptocurrency and RL
- Week 3 : Investigating previous research (stock trading AI, other cryptocurrency trading AI)
- Week 4 : Designing candidate RL models  
- Week 5, 6 : Implementing and learning RL models   
- Week 7 : Identifying Model Issues
- Week 8 : midterm
- Week 9, 10 : Solve model issues, improve performance
- Week 11, 12 : Model Completion and Performance Analysis

> I think some modifications are inevitable as the project progresses.


> I think I should devote the most time possible.